README.md, before:

# David Hu

![My Picture](./images/me.jpg)

## Projects

### React/Redux File Generator

> An npm module used to generate file templates for the React / Redux cycle.

> It is built using Javascript and Javascript File System.

[See Live Version Here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-file-gen)

### Tempo

> A single page music streaming web application that features continuous playing while browsing and live search.

> It is built using React, Redux, and Rails.

[See Live Version Here](http://www.tempostream.com)

### Eezee

> A mobile app that queries over 300 video streaming services to determine which ones host the searched movie.

> It is built using React-Native, Redux, and Firebase.

[See Live Version Here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eezee)

### Brian's Brain Simulation

> A simulation based on the rules of Brian's Brain.

> It is built using Vanilla Javascript, HTML5 Canvas, and Easel.js.

[See Live Version Here](http://www.davidhu.io/brians_brain)

## Skills
- Ruby
- Rails
- Javascript
- React
- Redux
- jQuery
- SQL
- Webpack
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Git
- Sass
- Bootstrap
- Heroku

## Contact
- [Github](https://www.github.com/davidhu2000)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidhu2000)
- [AngelList](https://angel.co/davidhu2000)
- [Email](mailto:davidhu314@gmail.com)
- [Resume](http://www.davidhu.io/images/resume.pdf)

Commit message:

update readme to include youtube desktop

README.md, after:

# David Hu

![My Picture](./images/me.jpg)

## Projects

### Youtube Desktop

> A desktop client of youtube that allows the user to browse Youtube without the need of a browser.
>
> Built using Electron, React.js, Redux, Webpack, and Youtube API


### React/Redux File Generator

> An npm module used to generate file templates for the React / Redux cycle.
>
> It is built using Javascript and Javascript File System.

[See Live Version Here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-file-gen)

### Tempo

> A single page music streaming web application that features continuous playing while browsing and live search.
>
> It is built using React, Redux, and Rails.

[See Live Version Here](http://www.tempostream.com)

### Eezee

> A mobile app that queries over 300 video streaming services to determine which ones host the searched movie.
>
> It is built using React-Native, Redux, and Firebase.

[See Live Version Here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eezee)

### Brian's Brain Simulation

> A simulation based on the rules of Brian's Brain.
>
> It is built using Vanilla Javascript, HTML5 Canvas, and Easel.js.

[See Live Version Here](http://www.davidhu.io/brians_brain)

## Skills
- Ruby
- Rails
- Javascript
- React
- Redux
- jQuery
- SQL
- Webpack
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Git
- Sass
- Bootstrap
- Heroku

## Contact
- [Github](https://www.github.com/davidhu2000)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidhu2000)
- [AngelList](https://angel.co/davidhu2000)
- [Email](mailto:davidhu314@gmail.com)
- [Resume](http://www.davidhu.io/images/resume.pdf)
